# PC Build Choices
This project was my first-ever web design project, done using HTML and CSS. This was my first hands-on experience with web design, and I did it as I was teaching myself the two languages simultaneously. This is technically a survey - it gathers what the person taking the survey used for each component of their pc, like CPU and Motherboard. I chose some interesting stylistic designs, not ones that I would necessarily choose in this strong of contrast but still a scheme I would make nonetheless. This is my very first ever actual design project, so it was not made with many of the style and ease on the eyes choices I would have made today. It also plays around with the different styles of forms you can make, which gave me experience with how to make them in HTML/CSS.

I actually made this project on a site that offers free coding lessons to anybody. Given the course I took was years ago, it's a legacy course now, but it was all about HTML and CSS, with an online IDE built in to it. Really cool, especially for something completely free. Outside of that and the lessons as guidance, I didn't really use any other tools besides those that come with the languages - just pure HTML and CSS code.

In general, the order of steps I would take when working on a certain part would be to first write out the HTML code to get the basic information down, such as the question/answer style and the actual words themselves. Then, moving over to CSS, I would do the primary design, customizing color, size, page location, all that fun stuff. A lot of it ended up being trial and error to figure out how different settings affected appearance, which was pretty enjoyable. 

As for any bugs, I would first consult prior lessons within the course if it fell within a realm I remember at all. If not, Google was my next best friend. Most of the bugs were simple syntax typos, however HTML was not very clear about the location sometimes. I would have to go in and hunt it down before being able to fix it.

Overall, the project was honestly a nice intro to web design, and was a pleasant way to let me at least try it with no negatives to me, especially considering it's not the area of computer science I am very interested in.

